docs(nuget): Document lockfile exception (#13878)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/nuget.md

The package resolving process uses the `merge` strategy to handle the 3 feeds.
All feeds are checked for dependency updates, and duplicate updates are merged/joined together into a single dependency update.

> If your project uses lockfiles (a `package.lock.json` exists), configuration settings are ignored and _only_ `NuGet.config` and `https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json` are considered for lookups.

Reviewer: "configuration settings" is too broad and likely to confuse

Author: you're right - would "above settings" be clearer?

> If your project uses lockfiles (a `package.lock.json` exists), alternate feed settings are ignored and _only_ `NuGet.config` and `https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json` are considered for lookups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project uses lockfiles (a `package.lock.json` exists), alternate feed settings must be defined in a `NuGet.config` as `registryUrls` are not passed through to the NuGet commands used.
```

Is this accurate?

Author: It is.

i'd want to add an "only" to make clear that central configuration will not work with lockfiles.
